when i think back i know a lot of people
idolize their childhood i don't
i remember being very anxious
uh probably should have been talking to
somebody
maybe should have been medicated um
by what do you think for what anxiety
anxiety yeah yeah yeah just just
anxiety waking up in the middle of the
night really hated school
really feared it really feared tests
really worried about failing
was obsessed with the idea of that i
would fail
and so not a not my mother
had said much later on yeah you never
took things easily
like she just had this when you've got
six kids you can kind of sum them all up
and i was the one that
that uh took things really hard and was
worried
all the time and um so
i think comedy was this great as
escape from all that
and just the the joy of of uh
i mean i knew when we did happy happy
good show which is a stage show that i
did with robert smeigle and bob odenkirk
uh and a bunch of other talented people
in chicago
in the summer of 88 we made no money
it was in a tiny equity wavy waiver
theater
we didn't get good reviews uh
i had uh my apartment it was an
incredibly hot
muggy summer in chicago as as you know
all too well
i had no air conditioning and i was
joyously happy
yeah i just was like i would rather
uh rule in heaven than serve in hell i
just love
being part of this little group of
people and i love making the opposite
rule and held and serve in heaven yes
that's what did i say yeah
right that's first right but if i can't
i'll rule in hell
right but i'd like to rule in heaven
yeah yeah
okay i'd serve a little you know it's
i'd switch it up
rule and serve be versatile i do i like
make thursdays the day that i serve
yeah yeah just to feel good about
yourself